Hello everybody and congratulations for completing this section we've covered a lot in this section
and we've created a tech demo and I hope you've gone for the end of section challenge and created your
own mini game.
I'm really looking forward to seeing those so please do share them over in the discussions.
One of the most challenging things in this section was the references and pointers and the hope you're
now in a position where you can not only identify them but use them as well.
And when it comes to things like pointers remember to protect yourself as you go otherwise you can end
up with nasty crashes.
And I know that as I've been experimenting and even when I was trying to show you in one of the videos
you never saw because when unreal did crash it took out the rest of my system at the same time so they
can really end up being quite nasty.
Now please do let us know what you enjoyed about the section what you thought we could have done better.
And of course if you want to see something specific perhaps we can get it in later on.
So that's it for me.
Thank you so much for joining me through the section.
And I'll see you all very soon.